Ok I'll create the menu of the endorsement menu for
increase the experience of our boats
and so that they are cheaper before
to cut any boat may be
ramp up
Cordova is not building and has returned
rope or in a castle because it will
here in a confluence zone with
Spain and it's great to have a
cartel to defend us from the Spanish
cases attack us so that's it I will not
to take risks is to
Okay, I think it's all about the
constructions at crossroads how to spend
Some money I'm going to vote for and one
Assassin here in Lisbon
and will recruit the marker here because
because I have experience with
the markets are now so I'm going
send the here to the north of africa
walk great resources to trade
who is the method now has come
start concentrating on quoting troops to
protect our borders, I will not
focus january
any movement with us also
want to cut the chip here
OK
the plate towards Rome we proved that the
Papa thinks my dear Pedro created with 3
sam influence continues to show some
expertise
although I am more than anything with us
greater years ok us bookmark
follow the movement 17 the Basque army
is ready
comes as now as it is in a crusade I
I have much more
were expanding if I can walk
much faster but I'll keep
always on the line as much as possible coast
solve here on boats may be a
troublesome case
ok ok
why do we advance then one way
already the rock grenade
the top of the night and córdoba
will have to lower taxes a
Path is no problem at all
destroy and vote
I not not think the year was he
in more
Ok, let's take turns and the next
We will take grenade once and for all
we will expel the Moors still need
touch of the Iberian peninsula
I liked it and I really do.
let's wait